354 sn. nnuc, 1000010001. 0000111.

So peace being restored, each with their own corpse returned
homevvards, aud they buried the different bodies iu those
several places with 1110 greatest reverence.

lt was, however, known to all the people, by the great
number 01 miracles, and the accounts 01 ancient writers,
that he was certainly taken to Llaudaff; for at the tomb of
this eminent prelate, the sich were most frequently healed
01 their diseases, sight given to 1110 blind and hearing 10
the deaf.

These, aud more than these, my clearly beloved bretbreu,
the divine miraculous power performed for the most holy
confessor Teilo. Wherefore celebrate the festivity of so
great a man with all the affection of your mind, frequent
his churoh, aud according to the ability 01 00011 01 you,
bestow 01 your substance 00 1110 poor, in his name, who

„ accepts great things for small, and small things 101 great3

as he received a cup 01 cold water from the woman of Sa—
maria, as if she had given a thousand talenta of gold; that
by imitating him 10 good works, ye may deserve to be
glorified with him iu scats above, by the aid of 'our Lord
Jesus Christ, who always lives, and reigns for ever and
ever. Amen.

During whose life, the Ohurch of Llandaff, through his
sanctity in conduct as well as 10 doctrine, increased iu
chnrches, and territorias, which were given to it, with all
their liberty, dignity, and privilege, by his contemporary
Kings,Tewdrig son of Teithfallt, Iddon son of Ynyr Gwent,
Gwrgan Mawr, Maelgwn, Α11001 Lawhir, Cadwgan, 'lhe-
deeil, Rhuu‚ aud many other Kings and Princes of southern
Britain; and this was done by naming the churehes
with their territorias and endowments, the description 01

their boundaries, and the attestation of authorized persons.

 

